DBZ-5399 Clarify database name usage in signal.data.collection for Oracle (#3717)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

|[[oracle-property-signal-data-collection]]<<oracle-property-signal-data-collection,`+signal.data.collection+`>>
|No default value
a|Fully-qualified name of the data collection that is used to send xref:{link-signalling}#debezium-signaling-enabling-signaling[signals] to the connector.

> When using a pluggable database (PDB) deployment, this should be configured using the root database name. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use this property with an Oracle pluggable database (PDB), set its value to the name of the root database. +
```

Reviewer: Glad to contribute. I appreciate the heads up, @Naros!
